hey dudes so I'm today I'm going to be
looking at some correct names for the
right things they might be a little bit
too way as it says in the bud this is
from and our website codes play junky
they're on the website it's gonna be in
there first thing in the bottom link
below um so let's begin first on Babel
seeds they're Cheerios but they look
like bagels second one is there a
veterinarian or is it a bug tool or what
if it's a cat is a cat toy I don't
really do that
this one is raw bacon anything that
little bit offensive to these pigs I go
better
I mean putting your needy a and elbow
leg probably um router chicken so
chickens can go into water
I'll get your that one that was pretty
funny French test
these I think they're pancakes or
something but out of this French since
the water Persians or something um I
don't know what that means
ice don't don't judge me for not knowing
that it is not everyone is smart okay
I'm a ham socks there are let's go in
they'll be right go Chuck no seats clips
in dirt coat but that's when you'd like
all right I get it cuz it's like when
you take a shower there's like when it
rains you grab your coat and put it on
or something
what's human size yes that is humans
awesome
I like you in job um so next is chicken
um poop I guess is what they call it cuz
sorry I don't want to say those words in
the chain
a motorcycle I agree with that
it's a nice boat and the motorcycle
together because it goes fast
Kirby unicorn I love this one yes my
favorite one
well seems like we reached the end so um
you guys can say which one was your
favorite they have numbers on them so
for example if you liked bagel seeds the
most out of all then you can pull number
one in the comments down below if you
like the doctor or put the tool rob
bacon three on me for water chicken five
sponge test six water something seven
hand socks eight indoor colt nine human
sauce ten chicken poo eleven further
cycle twelve and curvy unicorn thirteen
whichever one you like more put it down
in the comments below if you want to see
more then I'm don't forget to leave a
thumbs up and as I said this website is
gonna be in there on bottom link below
if you can find more of these um if you
find more than you can put it down in
the comments below I would love to know
which animals or things you find
interesting with the actual names but
yeah I think for me it would be thirteen
as in 39 one favor seats and the
Caribbean
I like this oh let me just thank you for
being here with me um those dozen I
forgot to read this one it's a fun brain
suck if you want to put that one just
put 14 or 0 like this number so zero so
yeah don't forget to leave a big thumbs
up and subscribe to this channel because
I don't have many subscribers I would
like to UM yeah thanks for being here
with me eight and if you guys need me to
UM do any other thing if you guys want
me to do anything else that's new or
something don't forget the time because
I would be I'm very glad to make videos
of your choice and if you can put some
would you rather questions a question
for me to answer because I'm planning on
doing a read your comments video and
yeah that would be very nice for me
thank you I